Hello
Today , it shows how to look almost
all hair
you see
is still a little bit very little
of which as early as possible white again
Let's go blond so we need it
we do a bowl the best he does
no longer needs a brush the
color it is so completely from directions plan
very dark purple
would you like to have pastel pink hair then
Can you take this here ?
pink is really a strong pink
but they were pastel purple and now
It is best to take mine first
first bottle game and then it went
also go
So there should only be pastel
need there really only a little of
the grips
if only I'm just here
follow the tip of the brush women
first time is really only very little and
then today simply a game of flushing
it
it is also sometimes when you have longer hair
Thick then it takes quite a lot
more innuendo at least or is on
Best as I said is that if you
white blond hair or if you have
Strähnchen then have so strähnchen with
blond blonde as always
could also still everywhere up
make that only takes on the
white-blue really like you
See, the carousels have little of that
purple
still still looks pretty nice
strong from yes need one more
at least a little more play
in between a good care for me
suffice
Oh, so you can apply it too
Do something with a brush of course
afterwards again to knead with it
I wore to spread everywhere
could do it with his hands so that
Pure stuff should not be there then
He carries on a heavy again
but so tick more a bit
keep the fun and he so the keep
already with every hair wash so a
little bit out of it, but 45 h vision
delivers from it
that's enough for me as you can see so
call his c3po you see after that
the color ways apply the same way
the color sets reputation is not whether you
the light is the area at least now
so completely in purple and I leave that now
times as quarter of an hour on it and then peep
because they are just a touch of leather
and not again
and when I'm done then be good
result so glad you still chattered
Show results as they always do
Lightweight dealership I'm on it
had a quarter of an hour
sometimes waking up is a bit of a dollar
that you just keep it longer or longer
Do a little bit more of this
directions with pure I habs now
but not so great because
I'll go to the hair dye next week
go and be out by then
must always have the approaches
company and yes I can even so
a bit like that looks like I said
I do not only guess what marat is all about
the only white-blond devil or na says
yes he has a normal port so runs
Not every room is folded and us
do not like then do not have to look
or that's it